*** TODO ***

Refactor to use MVC pattern
Refactor WXWindow/WXCanvas/WXImage data sharing / gl sharing shitness
Sort out header bullshit and organize headers once and for all
Add class Preferences
	Load(), Save()
	Subclass wxConfig?
Add right click context menu (wip)
	Pin (remove window decorations and optionally freeze location / panning)
	Exit
Drop dependency GLUT (AFTER WXWindow codepath fully supported on Windows AND Linux!)
Refactor away from old multi-backend design
	Backends were actually frontends and code became intermingled anyways
Set window position when unmaximizing
Set window to open on display mouse currently inside
Move supported filetypes to config?
	Modules for different filetype decoders?
Add filtering types (nearest neighbor, linear, etc)
	Mipmaps
Add multiview (2 images side by side)

Project:
	Get precompiled headers working (or remove pch)
	Platform appropriate clean (JFVGL vs JFVGL.exe etc)
	Update stb_image
	Compile wxWidgets from source
		Strip and shrink resulting binaries
	Fix Linux linking shitness
		Need to link wxWidgets on Linux...
	Add build numbers or something

View:
	Zoom around mouse cursor
		Requires redoing OpenGL code
			Maybe add shader?
				OVERKILL??
	Keyboard input (esc etc) DONE PROPERLY (how?)
		What does this mean? Refactor keyboard into to proper location / own class? Use different API?
	View individual channels (rgba)
		Requires software processing codepath?

Image handling:
	Finish software image processing codepath
		Remove software image processing codepath
	Handle jpeg rotation EXIF metadata
		Requires image preprocessing codepath?
			LOOK AT STB_IMAGE
	Rewrite opengl -- use shaders?
	Animated gif support (requires software image processing codepath?)
		stb supports animated gifs, just have to figure out why stb's loader keeps failing
	Figure out why stb's loader keeps failing on some images

Shell integration:
	Add folder navigation
	Add drag / drop
	Add explorer context menu image preview?
		This is stupid
